# Driving Test

## Feb 17, 2018

### First Driving Test With Instrumentation

#### Details

  * **Drivers**: Dallin Colgrove, Sage Stubbs
  * **Equipment**: me
  * **Faculty**: Dr. Hovanski
  * **Vehicle No.**: 89
  * Arduino inside of my Intel case, mounted next to the fuel tank with zip-ties.
  * Speedometer mounted with tape. 
  * Shock potentiometers mounted with brackets on the inside of the front shocks.
    * No shock sensors on the rear wheels. 
  * RF Antenna mounted but not in use. 
  * Tablet mount not created so the tablet was held inside a bag in between the driver's legs.
  * Tablet not using cell data, only bluetooth.
  * Problem with shock position values coupling together still unsolved.

#### Results

  * The speedometer sensor and magnet remained firmly attached.
  * All wiring undamaged.
  * Everything remained connected for Dallin's driving.
  * Sage drove more aggressively and the tablet lost its bluetooth connection with the Arduino at some point.
    * **Cause**: one of the protoboards slipped out of the Arduino header.
  * Speedometer sensor is working, but is quite noisy (spikes up to 60+ mph at times).
    * **Cause**: *unknown*
  * It's difficult to tell when the tablet has an established bluetooth connection with the Arduino.
    * Currently this is only done by looking at the tablet and jumping on the front of the car to see if the shock readings change.
  * Hard to tell if shocks are still coupling because their values are usually similar.

#### Data Analysis

TBD

#### To-do List

  * Make attachment of protoboards to the arduino more solid.
  * Make use of RF antenna.
  * Reduce speedometer noise.
  * Make more useful HUD on tablet.